Add option to call groups api for authorization (#142)
adfinis-sygroup/document-merge-service: README.md

Per default no authentication is needed. To protect api, integrate it with your [IAM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_management) supporting Open ID Connect. If not availbale you might consider using [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/).

* `REQUIRE_AUTHENTICATION`: Force authentication to be required (default: False)
* `GROUP_ACCESS_ONLY`: Force visibility to templates of group only. See also `OIDC_GROUPS_CLAIM` or `OIDC_GROUPS_API` (default: False)
* `OIDC_USERINFO_ENDPOINT`: Url of userinfo endpoint as [described](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#UserInfo)

> * `OIDC_VERIFY_SLL`: Verify ssl certificate of oidc userinfo endpoint (default: True)

Reviewer: s/SLL/SSL/

* `OIDC_GROUPS_CLAIM`: Name of claim to be used to define group membership (default: document_merge_service_groups)

> * `OIDC_GROUPS_API`: In case authorization is done in a different service than your OpenID Connect provider you may apply an json api endpoint which is called after authentication. Use `{sub}` as placeholder for username. Replace `sub` with any claim name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `OIDC_GROUPS_API`: In case authorization is done in a different service than your OpenID Connect provider you may specify an API endpoint return JSON which is called after authentication. Use `{sub}` as placeholder for username. Replace `sub` with any claim name.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe also add an example for a valid setting using `{sub}`.

Author: Adjusted as suggested and added example url

> * `OIDC_GROUPS_API_VERIFY_SLL`: Verify ssl certificate of groups api endpoint (default: True)

Reviewer: s/SLL/SSL/

> * `OIDC_GROUPS_API_JSONPATH`: [Json path expression](https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/index.html) to match groups in json returned by `OIDC_GROUPS_API`. See also [JSONPath online evalutor](https://jsonpath.com/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `OIDC_GROUPS_API_JSONPATH`: [Json path expression](https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/index.html) to match groups in json returned by `OIDC_GROUPS_API`. See also [JSONPath online evaluator](https://jsonpath.com/)
```
